---
title: "About"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: check-square-o
---

## About the conference

#### What is unconference / BarCamp?

SwaCamp is an unconference, or BarCamp, which is based on the *Open Space* format.

This involves, in particular, the lack of any fixed programs. With very few exceptions, we do not select speakers or topics up front. The core of the conference is that we provide a suitable framework for our participants to contribute content.

For many people, the best thing about conferences is the networking and spontaneous hands-on sessions that take place during coffee breaks.
This is the main idea of unconferences - a conference that just feels like one big coffee break.

#### How does it work?

Every morning we meet up to discuss the agenda and suggest sessions for the current day.
Those sessions can take various forms, some typical examples are:

* Presentation<br/>
Whenever you are ready to give a presentation, we look forward to it!

* Hands-on sessions / workshops<br/>
A workshop is a nice way to get acquainted with some new technology.
There are no time limits!

* A discussion<br/>
A discussion is often a good way to get started on a topic, especially if you value input from other participants.

* A question<br/>
"How can I ..." ? "What is ..." ? A conference provides the perfect setting to meet with and pick the brains of
qualified experts.
Thus it is the perfect opportunity to ask any question occupying your mind.

#### Who is SwaCamp for?

The event targets anybody involved in software projects, development, testing specifically interested in software architecture.

It does not matter how experienced you are or how long you have been dealing with software architecture and development.
You only need to be interested in sharing experiences and talking about software architecture in general.

#### Who are we?

We are a group of enthusiastic software engineers with a strong passion for software architecture. We consider
software architecture to be highly relevant. Thus we are looking for as many colleagues as possible to exchange
experiences and help the community to improve as a whole.

We, as organizers, belong to various companies, namely TNG Technology Consulting, iteratec and Scandio.
While TNG is our host and officially the legal organizer,
SwaCamp is based on private initiative and we do not consider it to belong
to TNG or any other company, but is a community event.

#### What do you pay money for?

We use the € 50 to pay for food as well as to discourage last-minute no-shows. Neither we as private organizers nor the company as legal organizer will profit from that money.

Furthermore, please get in touch with us if (a) you're a student to get a link to the € 20 student ticket or (b) if for some reason you're unable to pay the price so we can arrange a discount for you. We do not want the € 50 to keep you from attending.
